What did I do well through nine weeks of Phase 0?
Well, it's been quite a journey. I went from super excited to super overwhelmed to chuffed at my progress to crushed at my failures. It's been a rollercoaster. But throughout this all there has never been a moment of thinking I would quit - so I am proud of myself for keeping everything in perspective and rolling with the punches. I found ways to manage my stress - I swapped yoga for boxing (so I can really roll with the punches), I always allowed myself some downtime, I gave myself permission to be annoyed at myself for not remembering or understanding things, and I gave myself some high fives when I made progress. I reached out for help when I really needed it, and learnt the important lesson about the best places to find help from. But the best decision I made throughout Phase 0 was swap out my desk chair for a balance ball. Everyone should do that.

What could I have done to improve throughout the last nine weeks?
I dropped the ball in week 7 - and for two weeks I got really behind. In one way that was a blessing - with a bit of distance between me and my keyboard I felt able to detach a bit from the constant gnawing feeling of inadequacy; but I also think that I could have made room to continue to do some work or at least revision during that time and that would have served me very well. This is all about finding balance. I have to keep working at finding balance. I tend to be a person who goes full on into things, but I know that to make it right to end you have to develop stamina and pace yourself. But I hope to get all obsessed and consumed again in the bootcamp. I also need to continue to work on not comparing myself to others. That is what makes me feel the worst. I have to remind myself that I have a special set of skills, and I will come into my own in my own time. 
